now remember Salt Lake the louder you
get the bigger they go
beautiful lazy boy out there
then through the bars there he's mixing
it up brother nugget that's what they
like to see good combination of Craig
huge cliffhanger one of the best in the
business right there come on to lick
lick jeep in love nice heart attack
there from his own friend Gary Hart and
banging that trick years ago oh the big
big bets one of the most difficult
breeze now tricks out there
Brian fought his bike handling skills so
huge
got time for one more summer
and a big buzzer give it up for mr.
Brian Foster
our lovely ogio text taking the bikes
away from these riders Brian rip off
that lid here man made in the finals
first show of the new season out there
crowds pump your pump tell us all about
your run actually my run was kind of
basic I just pretty much did all the
basic tricks I know just the you know
he's back in there and it worked out I
want to thank people for coming out and
spending your hard-earned money to come
watch us have a good night yeah Brian
Foster out there we're waiting for the
score for the judges you got 80 8.08 the
judges ticket deep in the number to put
you in the hot seat give it up abroad
foster kick it out the big kid hoping
and we're out that chair for you all
right three more riders left to go and I
just got another word in my headset here
you guys have been so loud that directly
after the show I got something a little
special for you so do not leave in the
meantime let's bring out the man from
raising graphics he's an owner other
company please welcome Justice blind
ah